c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BankingSystem\BankingSystem\bin\Debug\BankingSystem.exe.config
c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BankingSystem\BankingSystem\bin\Debug\BankingSystem.exe
c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BankingSystem\BankingSystem\bin\Debug\BankingSystem.pdb
c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BankingSystem\BankingSystem\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BankingSystem\BankingSystem\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BankingSystem\BankingSystem\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BankingSystem\BankingSystem\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BankingSystem\BankingSystem\obj\Debug\BankingSystem.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BankingSystem\BankingSystem\obj\Debug\LoginPage.g.cs
c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BankingSystem\BankingSystem\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BankingSystem\BankingSystem\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BankingSystem\BankingSystem\obj\Debug\OutputPage.g.cs
c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BankingSystem\BankingSystem\obj\Debug\RegisterPage.g.cs
c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BankingSystem\BankingSystem\obj\Debug\ReplenishPage.g.cs
c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BankingSystem\BankingSystem\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BankingSystem\BankingSystem\obj\Debug\BankingSystem_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BankingSystem\BankingSystem\obj\Debug\BankingSystem_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BankingSystem\BankingSystem\obj\Debug\LoginPage.baml
c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BankingSystem\BankingSystem\obj\Debug\MainPage.baml
c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BankingSystem\BankingSystem\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BankingSystem\BankingSystem\obj\Debug\OutputPage.baml
c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BankingSystem\BankingSystem\obj\Debug\RegisterPage.baml
c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BankingSystem\BankingSystem\obj\Debug\ReplenishPage.baml
c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BankingSystem\BankingSystem\obj\Debug\BankingSystem.g.resources
c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BankingSystem\BankingSystem\obj\Debug\BankingSystem.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BankingSystem\BankingSystem\obj\Debug\BankingSystem.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BankingSystem\BankingSystem\obj\Debug\BankingSystem.exe
c:\users\рыспековж\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BankingSystem\BankingSystem\obj\Debug\BankingSystem.pdb
